Feature/messenger (#32)
botpress/documentation: docs/messaging-channels/direct-integrations/facebook/cloud.md

## Requirements

You will need a Facebook app and a Facebook page to connect you bot to messenger

### Create a Facebook App

To create a Facebook App, log in to your Facebook account and go to the [Facebook for Developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/). Select **My Apps** from the top menu, and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook developer documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)

### Create a Facebook Page

If you do not already have a Facebook page you will need to create one. [You can find details on how to create a new Facebook page here](https://www.facebook.com/pages/creation/)

To link your chatbot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role

## Channel Configuration

### API version

> The messenger channel is made to interact with version 12.0 of the Messenger API. It is not the default version so it must be changed in your app's settings

Reviewer: Can you change that?

### API version

The messenger channel is made to interact with version 12.0 and up of the Messenger API. It is not the default version so it must be changed in your app's settings

1. Go to your Facebook App
1. In the left sidebar, expand the **Settings** menu and select **Advanced**

> 1. In the **Upgrade API version** section, select v12.0 or an upper version as the API version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Upgrade API version** section, select v12.0 or higher as the API version
```
